---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/sessions/2024-08-21-what-now/"}
---

## Previous Session Recap
O Met Clarence
Faem and Ulfgar found O!
Aust went to Uthodurn to get Zahara's help lifting the curse.
We reheard Ruby's bedtime story about the mace of Bane. 
Aust had a dream meeting the voice of the sword, [[🙋 People/Yarrowish\|Yarrowish]]. The sword is probably a fiend and an arm of the Betrayer gods...
## To Do
- [x] Convince O to come back to the group and the Brawny Awl ✅ 2024-08-21
## Notes
### O and the Soup
Faem and Ulfgar converse with O and eat some soup. 
Tortles return home, have a child, raise that child, then pass away.

As much as O wants to run from these ethical and moral conflicts, perhaps there is more to learn in the thick of it. 
O thinks they can give it a year more, then they'll need to make their way and then maybe we go with them back to the menagerie coast. 
BTW Aust killed Ruby
### Aust
Aust has a dream of [[🙋 People/Yarrowish\|Yarrowish]] talking about being beside him this whole time.
Aust: Are you a demon? Are you a god? Who are you?
	He is a demon. He was once a general in the army of [[Groomsch\|Groomsch]] before giving his soul to be put in this sword.
	He maybe woke up at the party for Groomsch
Aust and yarrowish seem to bonded together whether they like it or not.
	Aust has used the sword and that has bonded them, killing ruby. Fully awakening him.
	Yarrowish seems to have lots of good words for fall down "topple, fell, etc..."
	He doesn't know how how to unbond them. Yarrowish is also interested in maybe getting out from the sword
		Destroying the sword would set him free (to go back to the abyss) but he doesn't know how to do that. 
Yarrowish says he has no interest in the destruction of all things. He just needs to sustain himself. "Groomsch left us." He doesn't feel super aligned to it.
> Atheist Bros 
> - Aust

Yarrowish will let Aust know if the urge is coming upon him and give Aust warning. He is not fully in control of the sword... he's just bonded to it. 

Aust is realizing that he is uncomfortable with how aligned he is to Yarrowish and doesn't love that...and maybe he has been too liberal with killing. 

"You know what awaits you in the Underdark, and you know you'll need whatever you can to help you in your quest there". " Power is freedom"

## Everyone regathers in the Brawny Awl
The hag's had been mixing the fey magic with the fiend's power from the mace of bane. [[🗺️ Places/Ruins of Molaesmyr\|Molaesmyr]] has always been dangerous but this is probably where the mace is. But it is hard to say. We need to destroy the mace if we are going fully put the power to bed. This was a big win in the right direction.

Aust is feeling lots of moral conflict about the sword...

### What to do next:
- Get Berrain
- Visit the Underdark with Aust

Eventually we'll need to visit Molaesmyr to get the mace and figure out how to destroy it (and Aust's sword maybe).